README.md, before:

# TerminalAliases

A Lethal Company mod that lets you define custom terminal command aliases using a simple multiline configuration.

## Features

- Define aliases in a simple `alias=command` format, one per line
- Supports arguments: `fl=flash` allows `fl Phil` to expand to `flash Phil`
- Works with modded commands: `buy=purchase` makes `hotbarplus buy` work as `hotbarplus purchase`
- Case-insensitive matching with case preservation
- Hot-reload: changes take effect immediately when config is saved

## Configuration

Edit the config file at `BepInEx/config/TerminalAliases.cfg`:

```ini
[Aliases]
Definitions = vm=view monitor
sh=switch
sc=scan
st=store
m=moons
fl=flash
buy=purchase
```

## Examples

| Input | Expands To |
|-------|------------|
| `vm` | `view monitor` |
| `fl Phil` | `flash Phil` |
| `hotbarplus buy` | `hotbarplus purchase` |
| `SC` | `SCAN` |

## Installation

1. Install BepInEx 5.x
2. Place `TerminalAliases.dll` in `BepInEx/plugins/`
3. Run the game once to generate the config file
4. Edit the config to add your aliases

Commit message:

feat: add in-terminal alias management and improve auto-confirm

README.md, after:

# TerminalAliases

A Lethal Company mod that lets you define custom terminal command aliases directly from the terminal.

## Features

- **Terminal commands** to add, list, and remove aliases
- Aliases stored in `BepInEx/config/TerminalAliases.cfg`
- Supports arguments: `fl` expands to `flash`, so `fl Alberts` becomes `flash Alberts`
- Case-insensitive matching with case preservation
- **Ctrl+Enter** auto-confirms purchases and actions

## Terminal Commands

| Command | Description |
|---------|-------------|
| `alias` | List all defined aliases |
| `alias [name] [command]` | Create or update an alias |
| `removealias [name]` | Remove an alias |

## Usage Examples

```
> alias vm view monitor
Alias 'vm' set to 'view monitor'

> alias fl flash
Alias 'fl' set to 'flash'

> alias
Defined aliases:
  vm = view monitor
  fl = flash

> removealias vm
Alias 'vm' removed.
```

Once defined, typing `fl Alberts` will expand to `flash Alberts`.

## Ctrl+Enter

Press **Ctrl+Enter** instead of Enter to automatically confirm purchases and other actions that require typing "confirm".
